---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "aidbox_aidbox_topic_destination Resource - terraform-provider-aidbox"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  AidboxTopicDestination https://docs.aidbox.app/modules/topic-based-subscriptions/wip-dynamic-subscriptiontopic-with-destinations
---

# aidbox_aidbox_topic_destination (Resource)

AidboxTopicDestination https://docs.aidbox.app/modules/topic-based-subscriptions/wip-dynamic-subscriptiontopic-with-destinations



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `content` (String) One of full-resource, id-only or empty
- `kind` (String) Defines the destination for sending notifications. Supported values: kafka-at-least-once, kafka-best-effort, webhook-at-least-once, gcp-pubsub-at-least-once, nats-at-least-once, nats-best-effort, amqp-at-least-once, aws-eventbridge, aws-sns, clickhouse, clickhouse-at-least-once, bigquery-at-least-once, data-lakehouse-at-least-once
- `topic` (String) Reference to the AidboxSubscriptionTopic being subscribed to.

### Optional

- `include_entry_action` (Boolean) When true, each Bundle.entry includes the bundle-entryActionCode extension indicating the CRUD action (create | update | delete) that triggered the notification. Default: true.
- `include_version_id` (Boolean) When true, each Bundle.entry includes the bundle-entryVersionId extension containing the resource's meta.versionId at the time of the notification. Default: true.
- `parameter` (Block List) Defines the destination parameters for sending notifications. Parameters are restricted by profiles for each destination. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--parameter))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--parameter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameter`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of a channel-dependent customization parameter

Optional:

- `string` (String) String value for the specified parameter name
- `unsigned_int` (Number) Unsigned integer value for the specified parameter name
- `url` (String) URL value for the specified parameter name
